26 section testing types cdkinfrastructure testing (#41)
Idea-Pool/aws-testing: docs/testing-types/infrastructure-testing.md

      .cloudFrontDistribution()
      .withPublicS3BucketOrigin(template.s3Bucket())
      .exists();
  });

  test('Route 53 CNAME record is created with the expected properties', () => {
     template
      .route53RecordSet()
      .withRecordType(RecordType.CNAME)
      .withAliasToS3()
      .exists();
  });
});
```

### Dynamic Testing

Dynamic testing focuses on the actual deployment of infrastructure resources and ensures their proper functioning.

Deployment validation is a core part of dynamic testing, which verifies that the infrastructure components are provisioned correctly and interact as expected.

During deployment validation, you should test various aspects such as resource creation, modification, and deletion, as well as network connectivity, security configurations, and performance metrics.

Dynamic testing can be performed manually by following predefined test scripts and conducting exploratory testing. To achieve higher efficiency and scalability, it is advisable to automate dynamic testing using custom scripts leveraging AWS SDKs.

An example test suite for the example stack could be the following (using TypeScript, Jest, and AWS SDK):

```typescript

> import AWS from 'aws-sdk';

Reviewer: I believe this is AWS SDK v2.
I think using AWS SDK V3 would be better (at least in the step function testing topic we are going to use v3) as it has a modular architecture with smaller packages.

Author: Good point. I will update it.

      "Type": "AWS::CloudFront::Distribution",
      "Properties": {
        "DistributionConfig": {
          "CustomErrorResponses": [
            {
              "ErrorCachingMinTTL": 1800,
              "ErrorCode": 403,
              "ResponseCode": 403,
              "ResponsePagePath": "/error.html"
            }
          ],
          "DefaultRootObject": "index.html",
          "Origins": [
            {
              "DomainName": {
                "Fn::GetAtt": [
                  "WebsiteBucket75C24D94",
                  "RegionalDomainName"
                ]
              },
              "Id": "StaticSiteStackWebsiteDistributionOrigin1EFF81211"
            }
          ]
        }
      }
    }
  },
  "Outputs": {
    "BucketName": {
      "Description": "The name of the S3 Bucket",
      "Value": {
        "Ref": "WebsiteBucket75C24D94"
      }
    },
    "DistributionId": {
      "Description": "The ID of the CloudFront distribution",
      "Value": {
        "Ref": "WebsiteDistribution75DCDA0B"
      }
    },
    "WebsiteUrl": {
      "Description": "The URL of the CloudFront distribution",
      "Value": {}
    }
  }
}
```

{: .note }

> Note, that this is only a part of the synthetized JSON template and as it is now, not a valid and deployable CF JSON template.

Reviewer: I think clarifying what synthetized this template would make it more clear for the reader what is this.
```suggestion
Note, that this CF JSON template is synthetized by aws-cdk, and it is only a part of the synthetized JSON template and as it is now, not a valid and deployable CF JSON template by itself.
```

      ],
      destinationBucket: bucket,
    });

    const distribution = new cloudfront.Distribution(this, 'WebsiteDistribution', {
      defaultRootObject: 'index.html',
      defaultBehavior:{
        origin: new cloudfrontOrigin.S3Origin(bucket, {
          originAccessIdentity: cloudfrontOAI,
        }),
        allowedMethods: cloudfront.AllowedMethods.ALLOW_GET_HEAD_OPTIONS,
        viewerProtocolPolicy: cloudfront.ViewerProtocolPolicy.REDIRECT_TO_HTTPS,
      },
      errorResponses: [
        {
          httpStatus: 403,
          responseHttpStatus: 403,
          responsePagePath: '/error.html',
          ttl: cdk.Duration.minutes(30),
        }
      ],
    });

    new cdk.CfnOutput(this, 'BucketName', {
      value: bucket.bucketName,
      description: 'The name of the S3 Bucket'
    });

    new cdk.CfnOutput(this, 'DistributionId', {
      value: distribution.distributionId,
      description: 'The ID of the CloudFront distribution'
    });

    new cdk.CfnOutput(this, 'WebsiteUrl', {
      value: `https://${distribution.domainName}`,
      description: 'The URL of the CloudFront distribution'
    });
  }
}

```

> By synthesizing and deploying this AWS CDK code, AWS will provision the specified bucket and distributionwith the defined configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By synthesizing and deploying this AWS CDK code, AWS will provision the specified bucket and distribution with the defined configurations.
```
